Ignore a Bluetooth connection failure delivered after close (#6387)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/cpp/6377.md

- Fixed a crash in the IceBT transport: a Bluetooth connection attempt that failed after the connection was

>   closed - for example following a connect timeout - could crash the program.

Reviewer: The other fragments use em dashes for asides, and the bullet repeats itself ("Fixed a crash … could crash").

```suggestion
- Fixed a crash in the IceBT transport. A Bluetooth connection attempt that failed after its connection was
  closed — for example after a connect timeout — crashed the program.
```

Author: Applied, and updated the PR description to note the executor window (per your review) — thanks.
